Subject: we can
date : september 21 , 2004 .
sir ,
details
during the regime of president charles taylor in liberia , i was the special adviser to the president on minerals and allied matters . also , i was made the chairman of the presidential task force on sales and exportation of diamonds and other gem stones , which are the major mineral deposits in liberia .
the above positions availed me the opportunity to divert some fund , which was deposited with a private security vault firm in europe . this i did due to the instability in liberia during the regime of charles taylor , in order to safeguard my future and the future of my entire family .
you may be aware of the protracted war in liberia . the political uncertainty is very unfriendly . the government of charles taylor , under which i served , had been discredited by the western world , especially the united states who forcefully removed the president and his cabinet and sent them to exile . this is the reason why i am in asylum in the nigeria being a top member of charles taylor? ? ts cabinet .
thank god , the intention for which i diverted the fund was instantly justified at the inception of a new transition government . all the members of the former regime , including me , were put under probe . our assets were confiscated . all traceable bank accounts , both in liberia and overseas , were frozen , pending the findings of the probe committee or probable pardon by the new regime .
my only fund that could not be traced is the fund i diverted to the private security vault company in netherlands .
this is the fund i want to invest , through an honest and trusted ally , in any good business in any country outside the continent of africa . this necessitated my search for a competent and reliable person who will oversee the investment on the basis of a joint venture partnership for our mutual benefit . my initial idea was to invest this fund in real estate . but your choice of any other business eitherin your country in any other country other than africa will be appreciated .
the details of the partnership terms will be drafted by my lawyer on confirmation of your willingness to assist in this venture . also , a meeting could be arranged between you and my lawyer who is based here . this will enable us sign a memorandum of understanding before the fund will be transferred from the security vault company to your custody .
i look forward to your prompt response as i wish to move this fund out of the vault company due to high cost of deposit contract renewal .
regards .
please replyonly through this email address : nathanielbarnes @ sify . com
yours truly , nathaniel barneswalla ! mail - get your free lg mail today  